Networkpolicies Rules Doc (#302)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

Disabled by default.

> - `blockedCIDRs`: Outgoing traffic to any cidr on this list will be blocked by the network policy (optional).

Reviewer: Let's remove `blockedCIDRs` from here and the sample. It's deprecated by the new syntax

> - `ingress`: Incoming list of rules ([NetworkPolicyIngressRule](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.22/#networkpolicyingressrule-v1-networking-k8s-io)) to be applied to the selected pods. (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ingress`: Ingress list of rules ([NetworkPolicyIngressRule](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.22/#networkpolicyingressrule-v1-networking-k8s-io)) to be applied on every namespace managed by Okteto (optional).
```

> - `egress`: Outgoing list of rules ([NetworkPolicyEgressRule](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.22/#networkpolicyegressrule-v1-networking-k8s-io)) to be applied to the selected pods (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `egress`: Egress list of rules ([NetworkPolicyEgressRule](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.22/#networkpolicyegressrule-v1-networking-k8s-io)) be applied on every namespace managed by Okteto (optional).
```

```yaml
networkPolicies:
  enabled: false
  ingress: []
  egress: []

>   blockedCIDRs:

Reviewer: Remove `blockedCIDRs` from the sample
